Fix links (#1082)
flowforge/website: src/blog/2022/09/static-ips.md

Any inbound traffic should still use the hostname assigned to each of your projects, you cannot use our IP address to route http traffic to your projects.

> You can view our IP address in the [Docs](/docs/cloudintroduction/#ip-addresses) section of our website.

Author: ```suggestion
You can view our IP address in the [Docs](/docs/cloud/introduction/#ip-addresses) section of our website.
```
